<ui:composition
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
	
	<h2>Terms of Use Agreement</h2>
	<div class="separator clear"></div>
	
	<div class="marginTop10">
		<p>Welcome to ProSolo. Please read the following “Terms of Use Agreement” 
		prior to registering and participating in ProSolo. We (ProSolo) maintain 
		this site as a service to our visitors and customers. By using our site, 
		you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. 
		Please review the following terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, 
		you should not review information, participate in any activities or use ProSolo in 
		anyway or obtain goods or products.</p>
			
		<h3>Acceptance of Agreement</h3>
		
		<p>By using ProSolo, you accept and agree to be legally bound by the “Terms of Use Agreement” 
		(Agreement). If you do not understand or do not wish to be bound by the terms of the Agreement, 
		you should not use the Site. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us 
		(ProSolo) and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties 
		and understandings with respect to the Site, the content, products or services provided by or through 
		the Site. ProSolo reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time without advanced notice. 
		Any amendments will be effective from the date of publication on this Site. Access to the Site post 
		any changes will signify your agreement. Ensure that you regularly review and familiarise yourself 
		with the Agreement posted on the Site.</p>

		<h3>Personal Account</h3>
		<p>A ProSolo account is a personal account. Each person may only have one account. 
		The personal information uploaded to your user profile must be accurate and you agree to maintain 
		the currency of this information. In individual cases, ProSolo reserves the right to verify this 
		information. You agree that you will never divulge or share access or access information for your 
		personal Account with any third party for any reason. In setting up your account, you may be prompted 
		to enter additional optional information (e.g., your address). 
		We care about the confidentiality and security of your personal information. Please see our Privacy Policy 
		for more information about what information about you ProSolo collects and how ProSolo uses that information.</p>
			
		<h3>Personal Data</h3>
		
		<p>Personal data in your user profile including your name, e-mail address, company position as well as other personal data that is produced or contributed through the use of ProSolo could potentially be made available to other ProSolo users. All personal data will be automatically deleted on request or upon termination of your ProSolo account. Contributions made during certain activities, such as created Learning Goals, created Learning Activities, uploaded documents, presentations or videos will remain intact if the deletion of data would result in the loss of context or where there is a negative impact on other users. This decision will be undertaken in review of the nature of the data and the privacy implications for all users.</p>
			
	 
			
		<h3>Copyright</h3>
		
		<p>Texts, images, presentations and videos are usually protected by copyright law. By uploading information and files into ProSolo, the user assures that he is in possession of all corresponding usage rights. Users agree to observe all copyright laws regarding information and material contributed to ProSolo. In particular usage must not violate the exploitation rights of the rightholders.  </p>
			
		<p>Violation of copyright laws may have consequences under civil or criminal law. The user is liable for all demands brought against ProSolo for copyright violations.</p>
	

		<h3>User information</h3>
		
		<p>Information about every activity in ProSolo is collected for the following purposes: to troubleshoot, to compile statistics, to obtain a better understanding of how individuals are using system and to improve functionalities of the system. The data collected is as follows:</p>
			
			
		<ul style="padding-bottom: 20px;">
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Time of the activity
			</li>
			<li	style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				The user‘s full name
			</li>
			<li	style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				The	activity and the context in which activity has been performed
			</li>
		</ul>
		
		<p>Only ProSolo system administrators have access to these data. For statistical or research purposes, anonymous summary reports are compiled and made available to instructors or company managers.</p>
	<h3>Rules for participation</h3>
	<p>You agree that you are responsible for your own use of the Site and for all your contributions to the ProSolo system. This may include all content submitted, posted, published or distributed on the Site by you or other users of the Site. ProSolo is first and foremost a learning platform. You agree that you will use the Site in compliance with the Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations, including copyright laws, any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence, and all United States export control laws.</p>
	<p>You hereby agree that you will NOT use ProSolo in any manner intended to damage, disable, overburden or impair any of the ProSolo servers or the network(s) connected to any ProSolo server or to interfere with any other party's participation, use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any ProSolo server through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information stored on the Site, its servers or associated computers through any means not intentionally made available through the Site.</p>
	<p>The following is prohibited and will result in the termination of an individual’s account or in severe circumstances legal action may be taken:</p>
	<h3>Users will not:</h3>
	<ul style="padding-bottom: 20px;">
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Contribute content that defames, harasses or threatens others;
			</li>
			<li	style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Contribute content that discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them;
			</li>
			<li	style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Contribute Content that infringes another's intellectual property, including, but not limited to, copyrights or trademarks;
			</li>
			
			
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Use or contribute profanity, pornographic, obscene, indecent or unlawful content;
			</li>
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Advertise or contribute any form of commercial solicitation;
			</li>
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Contribute content related to partisan political activities;
			</li>
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Upload viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, corrupted files, malware, spyware or any other similar software that may damage the operation of another's computer or property; and
			</li>
			<li style="list-style-type: square; padding-left: 10px; margin-left: 30px;">
				Contribute content that contains intentionally inaccurate information or that is posted with the intent of misleading others.
			</li>
			 
			
		</ul>
		
	</div>
			<p>Effective date: 15th October 2014</p>
	<ui:remove>
	<div style="display: inline-block;">
		<p:commandLink rendered="#{loggeduser.notAcceptedTermsOfUse}"
			value="I Accept" styleClass="button green size30 left"
			action="#{loggeduser.acceptTermsOfUse()}" />
			
		<p:commandLink rendered="#{not loggeduser.notAcceptedTermsOfUse}"
			value="Revoke Acceptance" styleClass="button gray size30 left"
			onclick="$('#revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog').dialog('open');" />

		<p:commandLink rendered="#{loggeduser.notAcceptedTermsOfUse}"
			styleClass="button gray size30 left" value="Cancel"
			action="#{loggeduser.logout}" />
			
	
	</div>

	<!-- Remove Terms of Use -->
	<div id="revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog" class="revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog" style="display: none;">
	
		<h4 class="warningMessage">Are you sure you want to revoke your
			acceptance to the Terms of Use of ProSolo? In that case you wont be
			able to use ProSolo any more.</h4>

		<h:form>
			<p:commandLink value="Yes" styleClass="button green size30 right"
				onclick="$('#revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog').dialog('close');"
				action="#{loggeduser.revokeTermsOfUse()}" />
			&#160;
			<p:commandLink value="Cancel" styleClass="button gray size30 right"
				onclick="$('#revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog').dialog('close');" />
		</h:form>
	</div>
	
	<script>
		$(function() {
			$('#revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog').dialog({
				title : 'Revoke agreement acceptance',
				dialogClass : 'warning',
				show : 'slide',
				autoOpen : false,
				width : 500,
				modal : true,
				resizable : false,
				open: function() {
					$(this).parent()
			        .children('.ui-dialog-titlebar')
			        .prepend('<span class="warningIcon"></span>');
				}
			});
			$('#revokeTermsOfUseModalDialog').show();
		});
	</script>
	</ui:remove>

</ui:composition>